by this Randi from compact car corner
mark and I are going to take you for a
drive here today in this 1968 olds 442
with a 455 rocket motor in it here we go
you
we're going to head down the highway
here and
give this thing a little bit of juice so
you see it's got a little bit of nuts to
it
this car is a real what we called a nice
gentleman's cruiser or 55 not the
original motor but just a real nice
original car factory tack works
speedo works nice all the gauges over
here work
radio does not work
painter and the heater fan worked nice
this is the real real nice car
tranship nice and smooth
another breaks Phil Marcus we feel
really good
this car steers nice ships nice man I'm
telling you
really yeah we'll turn around right here
linkers work breaks are nice and smooth
no chat or no poll not anything nice
center console interior is just
beautiful in this car all black door
panels are nice now this car also comes
with a brand new set of factory door
panels in the trunk for this car
so yeah nice
the dry place it runs hit excellent
so please if you're out of state or out
of the country please bid with
confidence you'll either talk to me
Randy or this is Mark and have a great
day